Praise the Lord.
Let's start.
We waited for a little bit for you all to come on before I start talking, but thank you for joining us.
Good morning, family.
Good evening, wherever you are all around the world.
Thank you for joining us again today; we really appreciate it.
We're going to pray, and we'll just go tubing tonight and talk about some of the things that we're seeing in the news.
I'll go over some of the things the Lord said to me today when I was driving around.
He talked to me about William Seymour and the box that he used to place on his head before every single meeting.
He would sit in the corner of the room with the box on his head for sometimes up to an hour, sometimes less, depending on how long the Lord told him to do it.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, my people must find their box.
You must find your box.
' What is your box?
That's what he started talking to me about.
I said, 'Well, what do you mean?
' He said, 'I will not share my glory with anybody for what's about to take place in this last outpouring.
I will not share my glory with anybody.
' William Seymour, before the service would start and the glory would start, would find that place of death to himself: humility, humbling yourself underneath the mighty hand of the Lord.
So he started talking to me about putting the box on.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm not going to tell you what the box is for you; you'll have to figure it out yourself.
' But a box is not just lip service, telling people that it is not you concerning the glory; it's a heart thing.
He said, 'I'm looking at the heart—not just what words say.
' There are so many preachers, he said, who get on the stage and say, 'We give you all the glory, we give you all the honor, and we give you all the praise,' but their heart is all about themselves and they don't have the box on their head.
He said, 'The bigger the box, the more freedom I will give you.
The larger the box, it's like being in a refrigerator box.
You have a lot more room to move around in there; there's a lot more space to do things.
But the smaller the box, the less the trust, as you must always deflect to give him the glory for what's about to take place.
' He talked to me about Sister Kuhlman, Kathryn Kuhlman, and how she would always give him the glory, but it was always from the heart.
The moment people started to try to uplift her or tell her how great she was, she would recluse because she realized the source of the power and the source of the glory was him.
As long as the glory is manifesting through you, you're a container, you're a vessel.
He's moving through you, but it's always to deflect to him.
The box represents dying to self.
The Apostle Paul said, 'I die daily.
' The Lord started saying that to die daily is a place of humility.
It's not something that you have to convince yourself of.
No, you die daily.
The more I use you and the greater the glory on your life, the more you have to find the box to deflect.
The more you're accurate and the more things come to pass in the days ahead, you're always to deflect.
I always go back to it—and I do it for myself because it's really true—I'm just the janitor, which I was just a couple of years ago.
No matter if the president, a senator, or the head of whatever country is watching your channel and they get their information and use it, it's not mine; it's the Lord's.
The Lord was really telling me what's about to take place in the days ahead with the church.
He said, 'You're about to see something that you've never seen before, and there's nothing to compare it to.
You're about to see something that you've always longed for, what the elders always longed for, but there's really nothing to compare it to.
For I'm going to do something unusual, son.
It will be something that we've never seen, and I'm not a cookie-cutter.
' There are so many times we come on here and take communion and have a pattern, and I tell you things that the Lord is showing us, but the Holy Spirit has free reign to do whatever he wants to do.
He used a word that I didn't even know the meaning of.
What was the word?
Status quo?
No, no, no.
Ask your mother.
He used a word and said, 'Don't ever do this.
' I said, 'What does that even mean?
' So Diana had to look it up.
As we were being instructed by the Holy Spirit today, I thought, 'What's your box?
' Anomaly.
Don't become an anomaly.
There are so many people that have become an anomaly.
I didn't even know what an anomaly was, but whenever he uses big words like that, it goes with everything he's been saying.
But I want you to know we must find the box.
The greater the glory and the greater the platform, the greater the death.
He said that the light afflictions bring forth the greater glory.
This refining—we have this treasure in earthen vessels so that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of us.
It's more than you'll ever know—that to sustain what God has called us to do in these last days is to continually give him the glory for what he's doing.
Regardless, because of insecurity and because people deal with flesh—our flesh likes praise just like the devil; he wanted praise in heaven.
He said, 'I'll exalt myself above the Lord,' and boy, did he sure mess up.
But our flesh always cries out for more because maybe you were the kid the bully in the schoolyard was always picking on or the last pick at sports.
It's always nice for somebody to say, 'Well done, you did a good job.
' But the Lord was showing me that for what is coming, there are so many of you who watch this channel and are excited about this end-time outpouring.
I have this revival behind me right now because one of the greatest moves of God this world has ever seen is about to hit from shore to shore, all around this world.
He'll choose individual people—the new Davids, the new Esthers, and the new leaders of this generation—to take the baton and run and bring in the greatest harvest.
But the Lord told me, 'I want you to tell my people: find your box like William Seymour.
' It doesn't have to be a physical box, but what's your box?
William Seymour's was a real box, and he put that crate on his head.
But he said, 'What's your box?
' It's the place of surrender, the place of death, the place to humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of the Lord.
We have the treasure in earthen vessels so that the excellency of the power will be known of him.
He will not share his glory with any of us.
Regardless of how amazing things are with the words and things that happen in the days ahead, I always want you to know that Brandon Biggs is just a servant of the Most High God, just like you are.
It's so important that you stay the janitor in your eyes.
Don't lose sight of yourself.
The Lord always says to stay grounded.
Keep your feet on the ground.
Remember, even today, put your feet on the ground.
I was driving and I said, 'What does that mean?
' Ground yourself.
Look inside.
Go deep within.
This is nothing compared to what I want to do in the days ahead with you.
This is nothing compared to what I want to do with me and each one of these individuals that are here praying with you.
There are so many souls that are about to come into the kingdom of God, and there's so much arrogance and so much pride behind the pulpits.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm going to humble the church.
There's going to be a cleansing.
There's going to be a 1 Corinthians 5:5 moment.
You're going to see these things in the days ahead.
' And the young Davids, the new voices that I have for this hour will rise up and they will take the baton from the elders.
There'll be new Esthers.
There'll be these new voices that seemingly came out of nowhere.
He said, 'I will use them greatly in the days ahead.
' But you've not even entered into the second phase of what I've called you to do yet.
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
He said, 'I don't want you to do videos so much until I tell you to.
I want you to be more strategic in the way you do things in prayer.
Do it this way and do it exactly.
' He's given me great instruction for us to pray together and how we are supposed to function as an army.
As we flow in the army, as we flow with the anointing of the Holy Ghost, we will have great results.
With great power comes great responsibility.
They stole that from the Lord, I guarantee you.
I always want to tell you all this because it's very important that you understand he is a good God and he loves you, but he'll not share his glory with anybody.
Many of you have major calls on your life, and it's so interesting because so many of you email saying, 'I had this vision' or 'I had this dream.
' You have so much potential, but you're not dead to yourself.
There's so much ego and so much stuff going on.
I said, 'Find the janitor.
' No matter how much you feel that you should have a platform or wonder why God is not using you yet, find the place of death.
Find the janitor.
You might say, 'I'm a cleaner now, I do this and that,' but the Lord said, 'Find the janitor and die there to yourself.
' I don't know how else to describe that to you; you have to figure it out yourself.
The more you squirm, it's like someone who lays a sacrifice on the altar to the Father.
My life is for His.
You're up there and He's looking to see if you're dead.
You say, 'I'm dead,' but the Lord looks and says, 'No, you're not dead yet.
' You keep saying, 'I'm dead,' but you're just looking around like a kid playing.
When you're truly dead, you'll know it.
There's no pretending.
Dead is dead, and the flesh starts to stink.
You'll know it.
It's a place of surrender.
It's a place of saying, 'Father, I'm not going to complain about what you have for me anymore, no matter if this whole thing goes away tomorrow.
' Between all the invitations I get to preach from all around the globe—some in Australia and South America—the Australian one was tempting because it would be fun to go way down under and see what's down there.
But I won't do it until the Lord says.
It's interesting because I told Diana that the more everything takes place, the more I just want to be reclusive.
Change happens so quickly for all of us.
The Lord will put his finger on you, and the moment he does, he says, 'Brandon, I don't want anyone to get the glory for what I'm about to do in your life.
There's no platform that will ever be given to you.
It'll all be by my hand.
The money I bless you with, the notoriety, everything will come from me.
Just bring in my harvest.
' All that to say this: Braden has some of these clips and he'll show you this, and we'll go right into tubing.
That's really what He's been talking to me about the last couple of days.
He gave me a scripture.
I was watching Sister Kuhlman and she said her main thing with the Lord is Psalm 17:8: 'Keep me as the apple of thy eye.
Hide me under the shadow of thy wings.
' Her description of that in this sermon—and we can put the link below—is amazing.
Braden, I'll send this to you so you can show them this sermon.
I would encourage everybody to listen to it.
This guy has a YouTube channel with 3,000 subscribers.
Diana found it.
Someone left him an attic full of Mrs.
Kuhlman's tapes, reel-to-reels, and old stuff that has never been public.
There are recordings of someone in the audience in Ohio recording her.
He's bringing forth all this lost material, and these archives are life-changing.
He has hundreds of boxes from a fan of Kathryn Kuhlman who just stored it in the attic.
Diana and I feel like we're at a buffet.
I'm going to give this to you.
I don't even think he knows who I am, but I watch his channel.
It's not about him; it's about Katherine.
I'll give you one sermon that is amazing; the scripture is 'The secret to success is loving Him.
' This is how I keep myself full.
I'm a scavenger; I pick the bone until there's nothing left.
I told Diana we do this every year.
Do you have that for them?
Can you put it on there so they can see it?
I want them to grasp it because this will change your life if you listen.
People ask me about these books; there it is: Oral Roberts, 1972.
Isn't that awesome?
Kenneth Hagin books.
Things that will change your life.
I don't know what his channel's name is.
Kathryn Kuhlman Radio, no AI, because there's so many people trying to make fake AI sermons.
And this is all her original archives of stuff that this guy stored up, so it will bless you.
It's trying to help.
If you want to listen to it, fine; if you don't, fine.
But there you go.
When Diana found this, I went, "Oh my goodness, this blessed me so.
" I'll play a second of it so they can hear it.
I'll be right back.
I dare say that practically every young person who is graduating today—every one of you young people who are wearing a cap and a gown—has come from a Christian home.
If you've not come from a Christian home, you've had the finest Christian training here at Oral Roberts University.
You know doctrine, you know your Bible.
And for me to stand up here and preach a message, for me to give you doctrine, would be so foolish, for nothing that I could say to you would be something you have not already heard and known.
I just want to take the lid off of my heart for a few minutes.
Two weeks ago, I was in a music hall in Kansas City, Missouri, and I got up early one morning and I drove 60 miles out of Kansas City to Concordia, Missouri, where I was born.
And I did something: I went back to that little Methodist church, and I was so shocked that it got so small in such a short time.
When I was young, it looked so big.
When I went back two weeks ago, the same pews were there.
They were just as shiny as the Sunday morning when I was 14 years of age and received that wonderful spiritual experience of being born again.
Walking into the vestibule, the rope was still there.
A little tiny Methodist church, not seating any more than a hundred people—you could maybe squeeze 125 people in the church.
Walking into that little vestibule, there was the rope that always rang the bell when somebody died in Concordia.
If it was a young person, they tolled it once.
When it was a middle-aged person, they would toll the bell twice.
If it was an elderly person, they would toll it three times.
And then everybody ran to the telephone and asked the one telephone operator who died.
And the bell was still there and the rope was still there that had tolled for so many people.
And I walked in and I sat in the corner of the same pew, the third row from the front.
I sat in that same corner of that pew that I sat that Sunday morning when I was only 14 years of age.
It was the very first time that I had ever felt the power of the Holy Spirit.
And I didn't recognize the power of the Holy Spirit—believe me, I knew nothing about the Holy Spirit.
I knew nothing whatsoever about the third person of the Trinity.
Nothing.
I don't even remember who the preacher was; I don't remember one thing that he said.
I've never seen anyone accept Christ as their Savior in that Methodist church.
I'm not sure that anyone was converted before or since.
I'm not sure.
But suddenly, as they were singing the last hymn and I had the Methodist hymnal in my hand, I began to shake.
It was years later that I recognized it as the power of the Holy Spirit, and I began to shake so much that I laid the hymnal down and then I knew that I had to do something.
I did the only thing that I knew to do: I slipped out from that pew and sat down on the front row, on the front pew.
And nobody knew what to do with me.
The preacher didn't know, and I cried.
What a joy.
One of the old sisters came to me and said, "Oh, Kathryn, don't cry.
" I didn't have a hanky, I remember that, and my tears were running, my nose was running.
And she gave me a handkerchief and she said, "Oh, Kathryn, you've been such a good girl all your life, don't cry.
" And both of us knew she was lying, because those things didn't happen in Concordia; I made them happen.
That marvelous experience of being born again, that glorious experience.
So help me, there's never been a moment since that experience—that Sunday morning in that little Methodist church in that front pew when I was born again—there's never been a split second that I've ever doubted my salvation.
And sitting there two weeks ago in that same pew, I relived many things.
I remember as a little girl standing there, and the only time Papa ever went to church—he would never go to church; my Papa hated preachers.
If he saw the preacher coming down the street, and if he saw the preacher before the preacher saw him, the preacher never saw him.
He went to church only at Christmas time when his girl would give a recitation on Children's Day when she sang a song.
They always said that Kathryn was the apple of her Papa's eye.
I've heard that ever since I was a little girl: "You know, Kathryn, that mean little girl with the freckled face and the red hair is the apple of her Papa's eye.
" And I knew it, and it was my security.
I knew it.
And every time I got up to give that recitation, I saw only one person in that little church, and that was Papa.
And I did my best for Papa; I was the apple of his eye.
And sitting there two weeks ago in that same pew, three rows from the front, where the Holy Spirit first spoke to my heart, I sat there in silence and it seemed like all the years of my life came before me.
There were the turkey houses where I slept when I first started out.
I slept in a straw stack once.
I lived on butter horns for a week—that was all I could afford.
There have been deep waters, very deep waters.
The sun hasn't always shone.
And I sat there and I thought, "What through all of these years really has been the motivating force in this life of mine?
" I wasn't made to do what I've done all my life.
There wasn't enough money in the whole world to pay me for the long hours and the sleepless nights.
Believe me, I tell you the truth, there's not enough money in the world to pay me for the way I've worked in my lifetime.
Nobody forced me to do it.
It wasn't because of doctrine; it wasn't because I was afraid of God.
I didn't do it because I feared God—I'm not that kind of a person.
I'm just not that kind of a person.
I didn't do it because somebody told me to do it.
I've had one verse of scripture that I've wept over; I've held it closely to me, and it's been the motivating force of my life.
I read it to you: "Keep me as the apple of the eye; hide me under thy wings.
" A million times I've held this precious word to my heart.
I knew the security that there was in being the apple of Papa's eye.
I never feared his wrath.
Papa never laid a hand on me.
Never.
Not that I didn't need it, but he didn't do it.
My Papa never laid a hand on me.
All Papa had to do was just look at me a certain way—that's all.
He would get just a certain look on his face, and I knew it was a look of disapproval.
And I loved him so much.
I was the apple of his eye, and I wasn't going to let him down.
A million times, methinks, I've held this close to my heart and I said, "Wonderful Jesus, more than anything else in the whole world, I want to be the apple of your eye.
" I have but one ambition in life—just one, only one.
I live for one thing and one thing only—just one thing.
Just one thing I desire, but one thing above everything else in the world: to be the apple of your eye.
I want your smile.
It's beautiful.
It blesses me so.
I think I've listened to that, I can't tell you how many times, going over and over and just thinking about what she's saying.
And you look at somebody who walked with Him the way she did in a modern age, you know, and that's why my friend Billy Burke was mentored by her, and thank God he's been a friend to me, because it's cross-pollination.
There's so much about cross-pollination.
You can feel it; it changes you.
And I know it's all the Holy Spirit, and He changes you from the inside out by the Word of God.
But there is a lot about cross-pollination when you get around people that have been around it, the presence changes you.
You get around people.
It's like, who are you hanging around?
I used to see all the time, "Who are you hanging around?
" I'll tell you where you'll be in the next couple of years by who you're hanging around, what books you're reading, what you're watching on TV, and what you're meditating on.
You must come up higher in your walk with the Father in 2026.
But I bring all this to you because it's what has helped me, and so people are always asking.
So, I just try to put you in the direction of...
and I had somebody email me and said, "Brandon, you can't talk about finances.
You shouldn't do that.
" Listen, I tell you what I hear.
I'm not a financial adviser.
I'm not trying to manipulate markets.
Whatever you think you are saying to me, I see these things.
And I tell you, you take it to God in prayer.
If you don't feel like it's the Lord, then you say, "Brandon, I feel like you're off.
" And you know what?
Guess what?
I could be.
I'm just as human as every single one of you.
Can I miss it?
Yes.
Am I perfect?
No, not by a long shot.
But whenever I bring it to you, it's just something that was dear to my heart that I've been praying over about Don Jr.
here and Eric Trump and all the Trump family, and the Lord said, "I'm going to multiply their wealth times three.
" So, you can do with what you want, but it's not for you to take and invest your hard-earned money into something whenever you haven't prayed about it yourself.
How foolish are you to do that?
I'm not trying to tell you to do that; I ask you to pray with it.
Help me.
But it's all in my opinion and it's never financial advice.
But there are so many people asking about what you said about the Prince of Persia and about Babylon and the dinar rising and all the things.
It's biblical.
It's in the word.
I'm not trying to tell you what to do with your finances.
That would be the last person to listen to about that.
I don't have a degree in that.
I just follow the voice of the Lord as closely as I know how.
And I'm just as human as anybody else.
So, take it for what you want, pray about it.
Let's pray together and see what the Lord wants us to do here.
When I was with you all this morning, I saw to pray over the churches, mega-churches, movie theaters, major gatherings of all kinds, praying over this Red Dawn experience that the Lord keeps talking to us about, praying over D-Day as we have attacked Venezuela today and all the things the Lord showed us.
I thought it was interesting because President Trump said that he put so many troops on the ground.
Was that to secure the oil wells?
There's a lot more to this that the Lord shows me, but I told you I saw all the oil wells catching fire and there was a retaliation against the United States of America in the days ahead because of the oil.
Now, I want to play this little clip for you—just this one little clip of what President Trump said out of his mouth to confirm what the Holy Spirit told us about why they went in and attacked Venezuela in the first place.
I said, "You think it's about just drugs?
10% is about cocaine.
This other is about right here.
" I want you to see this.
This was said today: "You know, they stole our oil.
We built that whole industry there and they just took it over like we were nothing.
And we had a president that decided not to do anything about it.
They were pumping almost nothing by comparison to what they could have been pumping and what could have taken place.
We're going to have our very large United States oil companies, the biggest anywhere in the world, go in, spend billions of dollars, fix the badly broken infrastructure, the oil infrastructure, and start making money for the country.
We must put a kink in the hose.
" So, he already said what the Holy Spirit told us was going to happen to us about the war.
And I saw the United States of America building a major military base in Venezuela, and they would occupy Venezuela in the days ahead.
And I saw us setting up a proxy government.
The United States would govern over this.
And I saw it turning red, which I thought was interesting.
And then the Lord showed me that great revival would break forth in Venezuela and that they would bring forth economy and stability and things like that.
Well, this is exactly what we tried to do to Iraq, but that failed miserably, didn't it?
Let's see how this goes.
I think it's interesting because the Lord said he would be like a Gaddafi, like a Saddam Hussein, and he would be removed.
Now, I know each one of those men came to their death.
Will this man?
I don't know.
I think it could be a type and shadow, a metaphor of what the Lord was showing me—that these people were moved out of being head over their nations and then all of a sudden people were brought in and are taking things over differently.
Now, Maliki and the things that happened in Iraq...
I don't know who's running Iraq right now.
We're praying for that nation to rise up again, but even with this, look how it's all similar to what the Lord showed us.
So, President Trump said he's going to bring in oil companies and stuff, but I thought it was interesting that yesterday on the second, China had a meeting in Venezuela.
China did, and was talking about oil and things like that.
And I thought, "Well, we must have pushed a button because I said it had to do with BRICS.
" The Lord, not I, the Lord said it had to do with BRICS.
" And so then I saw Taiwan, and remember I saw a gold dome over it and it was a prayer.
But I saw when America was preoccupied that Taiwan would fall in three days, and I saw China take Taiwan.
I saw Russia take all of Ukraine eventually.
China was there three hours before the US strikes.
They probably were still sleeping there.
What happened?
I wonder if they stayed the night and were in their hotel room going, "What's going on outside?
" Three hours before US strikes, China had a meeting in there with him.
And then we invaded.
So let's see what happens because I believe a lot of political theater will come out of this.
I heard "impeach, impeach, impeach.
" I heard that again.
I heard a lot of uprising.
People were upset in 2026, concern going clear up into...
trying to be a great distraction for midterms.
And the Lord said you must vote.
You must pray now for midterms.
You cannot wait until November or October to start praying for this because the Lord warned us and he said that there would be another blue wave if we didn't.
I saw that we would lose the Senate and it would become a stalemate government, that nothing would get done in the days ahead.
And we needed a red wave, a major red wave, a major move because of all the things that are about to take place in this nation 2026, 2027, 2028 praying into this.
So, I don't know.
Do you have any more articles you want to show before we start praying, Bee?
No, not really.
I mean, you can see some of this; people are excited about him being removed.
Next.
Yeah.
I'm wondering about this one, but it was on Benny Johnson.
On Benny Johnson.
Yeah.
That, and then there's these people.
I don't know if this is the ad, but the people play that.
Venezuela.
Gracias.
Oh yeah.
It blasts me.
You know, there's so much AI and stuff nowadays, so you don't know what's real and what's not.
So you have to really watch it and be careful.
But there's stuff that I go 'ah,' you know.
So we'll continue to pray.
Let's take communion and do this.
How long was that?
An hour.
Wait.
55 minutes.
So not too bad.
I brought you that video so you could know just the direction of what we're going this year.
Just keeping the apple of his eye, all this stuff and what the Lord has called us to do.
We're so thankful that he would even look our direction.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
Is there any more videos?
No, that's it.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Father, that by your stripes we are healed.
Thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, for Venezuela.
And we thank you, Father, that there's a revival that's about to break forth in them and in Iran.
That you're liberating Iranians.
Father, that you're going to get rid of the Ayatollah Khamenei.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you'll get rid of Kim Jong-un and his sister.
That there'll be a shaking in these nations, Father.
Father, that we will see the greatest move of God we've ever seen before and that North Korea will be saved, that China will be saved, and Father, that we will have a major move of God in Taiwan and in all Europe, South America, Africa, South Africa, Nigeria.
Father, I thank you Lord for Guatemala and Chile, and Father, we thank you Lord Brazil is already starting to see something.
We thank you Lord for the greatest move that we've ever seen before, Father, for you're taking the caps off the wells.
You're taking the caps off of the wells, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that we're going to swim down to the bottom.
And Father, we lift up this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus by your stripes.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that healing belongs to us.
It's part of our redemptive right that Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory over sickness and disease.
Thank you, Lord.
Just as much as we are saved, by his stripes, we're healed.
Thank you Lord.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Now Lord, we plead the blood and we make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We thank you for the blood Father and I plead the blood over anything you want to show me tonight.
I thank you Father that you cover us.
I thank you, Father, that you anoint us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We don't do any of this without you, Father.
If there's anything you want to show us, we give you all the glory and we give you all the praise.
We humble ourselves underneath your hand.
We humble ourselves and we see that we are taking our seat at your throne.
We take our seat right next to your feet.
We thank you, Father, for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for the covering.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We thank you, Lord, for your presence.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you Lord.
As far as the east is from the west, you've taken our sin from us.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Father, I cover my eyes and I thank you, Father.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see you.
To see you high and lifted up.
It's not in that.
You can always tell, you know, that's why I always try to teach y'all, just being real.
You can feel when the anointing's on it and when it's not.
You can feel whenever he's like when you're singing something to somebody and you're like, 'Really, I don't want to hear that song today.
' As much as most people go, 'Oh, well, he just loves everything,' no, he has an opinion about everything.
And most people don't try to get to know him enough to understand that he has an opinion about everything.
And he may not want to hear that song today.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you and you start singing something and you're like, 'There, that's just not it.
' And when you become sensitive to the Holy Spirit, you'll know he's just like, 'So just cut it off.
' If there's no flow, don't keep going with it.
You know, that's why I try to tell y'all just be real.
It's like if I'm singing a song to Diana and she goes, 'You know, I like your singing, honey, but let's sing something else.
' Okay, well that's great.
But she's never done that and I can tell if she's into it or not.
I'm going to be real with you and it may sound really unspiritual right now, but I like California Dreamin' and I'll sing it sometimes in the car and just be relaxing with it.
'California Dreamin',' you know, the old songs.
No, no, no.
I'm just real.
Stop trying to be so religious.
Who you trying to impress?
You ain't impressing him with your self-righteousness.
Stop trying to impress people because most of the people that you think you're trying to impress will backstab you in just a second.
Trust me, I'm experiencing it.
Everything's great and you go, 'Oh, where did that come from?
' You'll learn.
Do you understand?
Stop trying to impress.
Just be you and just flow with the Holy Ghost.
When you get real with God, God will get real with you and become real to you.
Stop being flaky.
That's why I try to teach my kids this all the time by example, by leading with example.
It's just relationship.
When you're having a good day or if you're having a bad day, God's still good and he wants relationship with you.
I don't like religion.
I don't like it and neither does He.
We don't like religious stuff.
Pharisees—just be real.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the presence.
I'm trying to find the direction of where he wants us to go tonight.
He said, 'I want to hear Jesus Loves Me.
' Isn't that interesting?
I like it.
Okay.
Jesus loves me.
This I know, for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
Oh yes, Jesus loves me.
Yes, my Jesus loves me for the Bible tells me so.
You like that?
Such a simple way.
Jesus loves me.
This I know for the Bible tells me so.
Little ones to him belong.
They are weak but he is strong.
Yes, Jesus loves me.
For the Bible tells me so.
Jesus loves the little children.
All the children of the world, red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
Jesus loves the little children, every one of them.
All the children of the world, red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
Jesus loves the little children.
All the children of the world, red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight.
Jesus loves the little children of the world.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Thank you, Father.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love You, we praise You, and we adore You.
I just heard Him say this: 'Forgive them.
Forgive them.
' He's talking to you.
If you hold grudges towards people who have done you wrong, forgive them.
Let it go.
He said if you want to experience the greater manifestations of Him in your life, you must walk in love.
You have a list inside of your heart of every person who's wronged you and you keep stuffing it in a bag.
This bag has gotten so big and so full that it's ready to burst from all the people who have wronged you at work, in your family, or in the past.
Maybe you hold a grudge clear back from grade school or middle school, when that person was a bully, and you've stuffed it down.
The Holy Spirit wants to pull it out because love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Forgive them and move on.
It doesn't mean you have to be a friend to them, but forgiving doesn't mean you're a friend; just let it go.
I refuse to let this be a door that blocks the Holy Spirit in my life.
I refuse to let a grudge prevent the Holy Spirit from taking control over my life, because love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I forgive my ex-wife; I forgive my ex-husband.
Whether they were abusive or cheated, that baggage is eating you alive like a cankerworm.
Don't take it into 2026 anymore.
Lay it at the altar and say, 'Jesus, I can't do this anymore.
I need You to help me.
' Forgive them and move on.
If you do this, you're going to come up higher in your prayer life with the Lord.
You say, 'I don't feel any presence.
I'm so dry, I'm so alone, I'm so broken in these last days.
Where is Jesus in my life?
' But you hold such a grudge in your heart towards so many people.
I choose to forgive by faith.
Father, I forgive them.
You can let it go.
Create boundaries; it's okay, boundaries are healthy.
I'm not going to let them take up space in my mind anymore.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong; I'm going to let it go.
I saw in a vision you walking up to a door, but you wouldn't walk through it because of what you were carrying.
You had too many bags to fit through the door.
You were too wide to fit.
Narrow is the way, and it's a small path.
It's the small foxes that spoil the vine.
Let it go because you're too top-heavy.
We don't have any wide loads; you won't fit through the door.
Let it go.
Jesus, I strip all the drama off of me and I just come before Your throne just as I am.
In His presence, there's fullness of joy; that's where He's going to change it from the inside out.
Forgive her—she cheated on you.
He cheated on you, ma'am; it hurt so bad.
I see you weeping right now.
The Holy Spirit is healing you right where you are.
He cheated on you with a very close friend.
You have blonde hair, lady; I see you.
In another instance, it was your sister.
But the Lord wants you to not take this into 2020.
You've been hurt for so long and you just keep stuffing it.
You're talking about it to your children and they are developing a hatred toward their father.
You can't do this; it's going to affect their health.
Love never fails.
Let it go.
God has someone so much better for you.
Don't take this into your next relationship.
God's not bringing a new Boaz or Romeo to help you if you take this drama into your next relationship; you'll poison it.
God's bringing you a fresh now and a fresh tomorrow—a clean, be free for both.
Thank you, Lord, for the restoration of everything the enemy has stolen.
Peace over the hearts, minds, and bodies.
It's even affected your stomach; there's a dark circle in the pit of your stomach.
This is a demonic spirit that you've allowed in.
It's attached to the soulish realm and it's in your gut.
It looks like a softball, but it's a demonic attachment: a spirit of bitterness.
Bitterness, I command you to release her now in the name of Jesus.
You come up out of her.
You come up out of her right now in Jesus' name.
Release her and let her go.
You come out in the mighty name of Jesus.
Let her go.
Thank you, Father.
It's gone now.
Fill it up with the Word.
Get the Bible and read the Bible.
Read the Bible and fill it up.
Fill yourself up.
It'll change you from the inside out.
Find scriptures on forgiveness.
You could do it on that Bible app and put it on there—forgiveness—and read scriptures on forgiveness and just meditate on that Word.
It will change you from the inside out.
You're on the ground and you're crying.
I see you.
And the Lord Jesus sets you free.
The Lord Jesus wants to set you free, for whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
This is a day of joy.
It's a new start for you.
The Lord didn't want you to take this into your 2026.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Out of all these people, out of all this, he loves you so much.
And he knows you, but tonight's your night of freedom.
He says, "Tonight's your night for a fresh, clean start, lady.
Tonight's your night for a fresh, clean start.
" And God's going to work on those children, too.
And let there be an absence of not thinking you have a father there.
It's on this daughter.
We break that promiscuous spirit.
We take authority over that promiscuous spirit.
You stop it now in the name of Jesus.
It's like she's wearing some kind of outfit and I see a pink boa wrapped around this girl.
It's like a pink boa and you're in a promiscuous outfit, and the Lord said this is a root.
It comes from the fruit.
And we're not going to allow—we pray over the child to come up and when they train up a child in the way they should go, when they get older they'll not depart from it.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's going to change this whole family around.
There's so many people.
It's hurting so bad.
Thank you, Lord.
The little boy is still really impressionable, but he's not as old as the girl.
Lord, we just thank you that they're free, Lord.
What else do you have for us today, Lord?
Okay, we're going to Italy.
It's a story.
I see the water's edge.
It's out in the water, on the water's edge.
You remember?
It's going back there.
I see the plume.
It goes off.
The volcano is going off right now.
This is a massive volcano that is about to erupt.
Okay, I want you to look at me, son.
I have to explain this to you.
It goes out on the edge.
It goes down.
And you know how a water table goes?
You know how it goes down?
I've seen it was like this.
It was shallow water.
And then all of a sudden, it went deep water.
And when I went deep in the deep water, the dark purple water way down, there is a massive volcano down there.
It's from the shoreline going out and then all of a sudden it drops off and down here is a massive volcano that is about to go off.
Okay.
And I saw a plume of soot and smoke.
A major eruption that is about to take place.
And what's interesting—I don't understand this wave—these waves are like graphs.
They're like lines.
There's lines on the water table like when you draw a map.
There's wavy lines and there's lines going like this but it's like a chart.
Like some kind of chart.
Oh, seismic activity chart.
I heard this: seismic activity.
It's split up like this.
Sunday, listen to me.
We look up to you, Lord.
We look into your face, Lord.
Okay, now I see some kind of art on the ground.
I see like tiles.
They're like decorative tiles on the ground, but it's like these tiles were actually really carved out tiles.
It looks like circles that were on each tile on the ground.
It's some kind of art tapestry.
It's like a tapestry with rocks.
There's different shades of tiles that are up and they're like carved out.
And there's like a description that is like ancient ruins and it tells what's happened in the past.
It's almost like a tapestry, but it's rocks.
Father, but what about it?
Where is Pompeii at?
What do you say?
Braden, is that where the people are underneath the ground and they have preserved them and they have the casts of their bodies?
There's something about what you learn from the past.
There's something about how it's going to repeat itself.
I'm seeing these—you know when you go in a cave, son, and they draw the picture of what happened, like the Egyptians do it, and it shows the past.
It's in the water's edge.
I'm seeing there's like—okay.
It's like archaeological finds when things shake.
Listen to me, son.
I need you to look at me.
I went back into it.
When these shakings start to take place, there are archaeological finds that will take place.
Things that have been buried in the ground for centuries.
I hear 'centuries.
' The ancient discoveries are about to be found.
And it's in the ground.
Ancient discoveries will be found in the ground.
And you'll see this as the shaking takes place.
For the land will be shaken.
And there's actually houses built upon this.
And when the ground is moving, the ancient discoveries from the past will be discovered at last.
Great things.
And this will have biblical significance to it—ties to Jesus, ties to biblical things that will be coming out from the ground, and archaeological finds that will have biblical roots.
There'll be coins.
It's in the ground from erosion and debris over centuries.
You see it's in the ground.
I see it's by the water's edge.
Many, many discoveries you will find in the days ahead.
Discoveries in Israel.
I see Israel.
They're going to find discoveries in Israel.
Ancient discoveries.
Ancient discoveries that lead back to the Word.
It always leads back to the Word to validate it.
You understand?
For the unbeliever.
The Lord said this is for the unbeliever.
Then there's these ancient manuscripts.
There's scrolls.
It's on a tablet, like accurate accounts.
I hear 'accurate accounts'—accounts like the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Ancient writings from Greeks.
A library.
This has to do with the pyramids.
Ancient stuff.
Do you hear me?
Go get your mama, baby.
There's a trail.
There's a path.
I see the trail and the path.
It goes under the ground.
And there are caverns.
Take that away over here; just the screen.
I don't want to look at that.
It's not your fault, baby.
I'm looking over.
Just sit right there, love.
I'm looking over, Diana.
Listen to me.
Just listen real carefully.
Write this down.
This will cause, because of what it is, you need to know this.
He says you need to know this concerning Egypt: this will cause a great war, a holy war.
The Muslims don't want this out.
Do you understand?
Stop.
Don't stop.
When this comes up, they will try to burn it.
They want to get rid of it.
They don't want this unveiled because it comes against their faith.
They don't want this revealed because it comes against their faith.
Mecca.
I hear the word Mecca.
It comes against their faith.
What they're going to uncover will come, and it's a heresy.
You know what I'm saying?
Because it proves more of the Bible.
It proves the Bible, and it goes against the Muslim faith.
What you're about to see is to draw all men unto me.
Do you hear me?
This is to draw all men unto me.
'I'm even after them, son.
' You see?
You hear me?
I know you do.
It's to draw all men unto me.
He's even after the Muslims, you see.
So, this is what I see.
Do you know whenever you take something in the middle of the earth and say you cause a glory burst?
I see these scrolls, these tablets.
They're golden.
They're golden glory.
They're golden with the glory.
And this will shake the nations.
This is golden glory.
And I see a ripple wave.
I see a ripple wave going to shock the nations.
It's like a circle, and a soundwave of the glory will be shot throughout the nations.
This will be a sign, even more of a sign of the imminence of his coming.
It's in the ground.
It's in a cavern.
And I see these tablets.
I see these things, and it causes repentance.
I see Muslims weeping.
I see women weeping.
I see people who look like they're of Egyptian origin.
They're weeping in the presence of the Lord.
They have head coverings on.
And there are going to be artifacts.
I see artifacts that have been preserved.
'By my hand,' he says, 'they have been preserved.
' So, what's interesting is I was in Italy and then I went all the way to Egypt.
Isn't that interesting?
I see archaeological finds.
I saw the pyramids, but there's more to this.
Finds of tunnels.
It's going to shake the world.
And now the Lord says he's moving on.
Even cures for things.
Ancient cures, remedies.
Ancient knowledge.
You will know.
I'm seeing, Diana, like the children of Israel in the desert.
I'm talking about old-school stuff.
That would be thousands of years, right?
Because Jesus is only 2,000 years older than that.
It's to shake Mecca.
Whatever Mecca is.
Now I see the word 'Nephilim.
' Secrets about the Nephilim so that God gets all the glory.
It's to be a lifting up.
He's drawing all, even the ones in the backfield, to leave the ninety-nine and go after the one in the Middle East.
'I'm bringing them all home.
' He is God.
They will know he is God.
It's like Moses's God is God.
Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
See, it's backwards.
I see that it's coming.
It will show the God of Abraham to this generation.
It's for the Jew and the Gentile.
Do you understand?
To show the Jews, to show them the God of Abraham.
A blowing on us.
I see a blowing.
You know when you have a book and it had a lot of dust on it?
I see him blowing on this, and as it blows, these are structures, like an archaeological find.
That's what they're doing—blowing on the dust of what they find, and it shows he is God.
So get ready.
That's what he says.
He's preserved it.
I'm praying about that, because they will try to destroy it.
These people right here are excited and rejoicing; they have white clothes on.
But these people over here on this hill, these Muslim people, they want to destroy this.
They don't want it because it validates this and it makes theirs look no good.
God is God.
'I am that I am.
' That's what I hear.
' My God is God.
'I am that I am.
I am that I am.
' There are more with us than there are with them.
I see backing by the United States to protect and preserve, making sure it's like a military front.
We'll provide security and safety for this.
We aren't going to let this happen.
They're almost like in Cinderella when she had the slipper—everyone wanted to tear up her dress because they didn't want her to go to the palace.
They don't want her going to the palace.
That's what I hear.
They don't want that for the great show.
It validates my Father.
Not that he needed it, but it's for the unbeliever.
That's who he's calling forth.
He's calling forth the Muslims.
It's because they want to bring forth their Mahdi, this Antichrist, but he is showing that he is God and there is none else.
He is God, and the world will know it as a sign.
It's the same thing as what's going on with Noah's Ark.
But what we're about to see makes Noah's Ark look like only ten percent of this.
This is massive.
It's to come against the Mahdi and Muhammad.
It's bringing clarity to their minds.
'I'm reaching out and I'm grabbing them one more time.
' That's what you're about to see.
Hallelujah.
Is everything I said clear?
I don't want any confusion because I speak for him, and I hear this and see it very clearly.
Shakings and archaeological finds are coming with these earthquakes that are about to take place.
Major earthquakes are about to take place.
And when these major earthquakes take place, they'll uncover things that were preserved in the earth.
You'll say, 'It was here the whole time.
' That's what you're going to say.
You'll hear them say this: 'It was here the whole time.
This is a major archaeological find.
It was here the whole time.
' That's what will be on the news.
It ripples.
Like I said, you know when you drop something and it causes a dust wave?
It's a glory wave off of these tablets.
'It was here the whole time.
I am that I am.
' Oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem.
Multiplied.
Oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem.
Open your eyes.
Hallelujah.
Oh Jerusalem.
Where is Ethiopia?
How, where is Ethiopia?
By Egypt.
Yeah, by the middle.
It is close to Egypt.
You can turn that thing back around.
I want to look at that.
I am looking at it in the vision.
Is it far from Egypt?
Egypt is up here.
See, I am going to Ethiopia.
Why is he highlighting this?
Thank you Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord Jerusalem.
Oh, Jerusalem.
Father, show yourself strong to the nations that they would know your fame.
Diana, find that script.
They would know the Lord's fame.
The mountains would melt like wax at the presence of the Lord, at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth.
Psalm 97:5.
And then, 'Oh, that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, and that the mountains might flow down at thy presence, and make thy name known to the adversaries, and that the nations may tremble at thy presence.
' That is it.
Isaiah 64:1.
Read it again.
Isaiah 64:1 and 2.
'Oh, that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down.
' Isaiah 64:1 and 2.
'Oh, that you would rend the heavens and that you would come down, that the mountains might quake and flow down at your presence, as when the fire kindles the brushwood and the fire causes the waters to boil, to make your name known to your adversaries, that the nations may tremble at your presence.
' That is the scripture he just used.
Isaiah 64:1 and 2.
This is that they would tremble at his presence as when the fire kindles the brushwood and the fire causes the waters to boil.
It is like a volcano causes it to boil to make your name known to your adversaries.
It is an uncovering.
'Oh, that you would rend the heavens and that you would come down, that the mountains might quake and flow down at your presence.
' Oh Jerusalem.
'Oh, that you would rend the heavens, that you would come down, that the mountains might quake and flow down at your presence and fall down at your presence.
' 'Oh, that you would rend the heavens and that you would come down, that the mountains might quake and flow down at your presence as when fire kindles the brushwood and the fire causes the waters to boil to make your name known to your adversaries that the nations may tremble at your presence.
' When you did terrible things which we did not expect, you came down.
The mountains quaked at your presence.
For from as of old, no one has heard nor perceived by the ear, nor has the eye seen a God besides you, who works and shows himself active on behalf of him who earnestly waits for him.
You meet and spare him who joyfully works righteousness, uprightness, and justice, earnestly remembering you in your ways.
Behold, you were angry for we sinned.
We have long continued in our sins, prolonging your anger, and shall we be saved?
I just like the first part.
It is about the nations.
Micah has a similar verse.
Micah 1:3 says, 'For behold, the Lord cometh forth out of his place, and will come down and tread upon the high places of the earth, and the mountain shall be molten under him, and the valley shall be cleft as wax before the fire.
' I do not even know where Micah is, love, as sad as that is.
'Waters that are poured down at the steep place.
' It is before Nahum.
Micah 1:3 through 5.
'For behold, the Lord comes forth out of his place and will come down and tread upon the high places of the earth.
And the mountain shall melt under him, and the valley shall be cleft like wax before the fire, like waters poured down a steep place.
' The mountain shall melt under him, and the valley shall be cleft like wax before the fire.
I am telling you something major is about to take place.
He is going to breathe upon that Abrahamic covenant—Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob—showing this generation that he is the 'I am that I am.
' Even with archaeological discoveries, he said, 'I have preserved them.
' We are going to see the Great I Am through healings, demonstrations, manifestations, and the glory on the Jew and the Gentile.
Watch what God is about to do.
I am excited about it.
He is holy and he is worthy to be praised.
What a planner!
Like Sister Billy always says, God is going to do something huge in this generation.
We're going out with victory, folks.
The remnant, the ones that have their lamps full of oil, are not retreating.
We're going to be victorious.
We're seeing a church rise up and be a backbone like a crowbar, taking our rightful place and showing this lost and dying world one last call, one last major move.
'Oh, that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down, and that the mountains might flow down at thy presence, to make thy name known to thine adversaries, that the nations may tremble at thy presence.
' That is the one he was talking about.
Isaiah 64:1 and 2.
That is what I heard in my spirit whenever I was praying.
That is what he was saying.
Oh, my goodness, that he would come down.
Isaiah...
woo!
Micah is pretty good.
I will put that save in there.
I do not ever read the book of Micah, I am just being real, but we should.
Isaiah, that is beautiful.
Thank you, Lord.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He has such big plans for us.
I am so thankful that you have come to be part of our prayer group tonight.
We pray that this richly blesses you.
7,000 people are watching right now.
Two hours and 14 minutes.
We lost ourselves in that.
It is all the Holy Ghost.
Mecca?
What is Mecca?
Mecca is the place where they go around the block, the thing.
I am telling you, God is going to defame Mecca.
Yeah.
What's about to happen.
They call it the holiest city in Islam.
That's what they think.
Well, it's not going to be a holy city.
It's going to shake Mecca.
And it's going to shake the Mahdi because God said, "I'm going to show that I am the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
I am the God of this generation, and I'm going to show up and show off in this generation.
" It's like whenever you poke a balloon and you pop the bubble of the Muslims.
That's what's about to happen.
And it's going to tick some of them off.
Not all of them.
A lot of them I saw weeping before the Lord.
Something major is about to be uncovered; that's what we're seeing and that's what we're about to see because the Lord said, "I'm going to show up to this generation for one more call, one more push, so that none should perish, that all come to repentance.
" If you're here tonight, you're not here by accident.
My friend, don't click out of the video right now.
Just sit here and think; you were here because of maybe the word that was given today by Venezuela, but there's much more to this.
Jesus is coming.
And the whole thing of what the Lord showed us about Venezuela was just to get people.
If He be lifted up, He draws all men unto Him.
It's about bringing people back to Jesus.
You must know Him as Lord and Savior.
You're running out of time.
The signs of the prophetic, the signs of where we are in these end times—the hourglass's sand is about to be empty.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Tribulation is about to begin.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
If you're here tonight and you've never asked the Lord to be your Lord and personal Savior for what is coming, you must know Him.
He died for you.
He suffered greatly for every one of you so that you don't have to go to a devil's hell.
He wants you to live with Him in paradise.
Just like the thief on the cross: "From this day forward, you'll be with me in paradise.
" And tonight, you may be here for the first time.
You're just here because you're curious.
But I don't believe it's just by coincidence.
You feel that tugging on the inside of you.
It's the Holy Spirit.
He's working on you.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless He draws him.
And right now you're feeling that there's a knocking on your heart's door and He's saying, "Will you let me in?
" I know this is probably really strange to the unbeliever—all this praying in tongues and doing what we do—but this is just the Holy Spirit.
He gives us these gifts and we pray, and He is so real to me, just as much as the air that I breathe in my lungs.
He's more real to me than my son or my wife.
I'm telling you, He wants to become real to you tonight.
He wants to be your friend just like He's my friend.
He's no respecter of persons, but tonight's your night for salvation.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or to go to wherever you're going—the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
No man is promised tomorrow.
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
You need to ask yourself that: "Where would I go?
" Well, I don't believe I'd go anywhere; I'd just go into nothingness.
No, that's a lie.
The Bible says to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
The moment you take your last breath, you're either in heaven or you're in hell.
There is no in-between.
Where will you spend eternity?
If you were to die today, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe that tonight's your night.
This could be your last opportunity.
So, I just want to ask you a simple little question: Do you know Jesus?
And more importantly, does He know you?
Is your name written in the Lamb's Book of Life?
All I'm trying to tell you right now is that this whole thing is about to end.
We're all about ready to go home soon.
Jesus has a place for us.
He has a mansion prepared for me; it's prepared in glory.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltops in that bright land.
I want to ask you, do you have a mansion prepared for you?
I'm going to say a simple prayer.
The moment you say it, I believe you're born again.
But you say it with your mouth from the heart.
And you say it with your whole heart out of your mouth.
I want you to say it right now and be bold about your decision.
Put in the comment section tonight, "I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night.
I'm turning away from what I used to be.
" And behold, the Lord's going to make all things new.
That's what the Bible says.
But tonight's your night for salvation.
Tonight's your night.
Put in the comment section right now, "Brandon, I want to be saved.
I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to go through the tribulation.
" That's why we're here; we're here just to pray for you.
We love you and we're so excited you're here tonight.
Jesus died for you publicly, so you be public about your decision for Him.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me.
You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me.
I ask you to make me new.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on false religion.
" I heard that really clear right then.
"I turn my back on false religion and idols.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
From this day forward, Jesus, I'm sold out to you.
I give my whole life to you.
Whatever I have left of it, I'll serve you with all I have.
Make me new.
Create in me a clean heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, forgive me, Lord, of my sins.
Cleanse me.
Make me new.
Thank you, Lord, that today you accepted me into your kingdom.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Spirit, and you dwell—I invite you—and you dwell on the inside of me.
And I receive you richly by faith.
By grace you are saved through faith, and I receive it right now in Jesus' name.
" And everybody say, "Amen.
" It's so simple that even a five-year-old could do it.
But I believe if you just said that prayer, you're born again.
Now, what do you do?
Find a Bible-believing church that would teach you the Word of God.
I would go to a non-denominational church.
That's the one we would go to.
Get plugged in there and tell that pastor, "I just got born again watching a YouTube video.
" They were praying in a weird language, but I got born again today and I want to get water baptized.
You may not understand the baptism of the Holy Ghost right now, but the more you stick around us, we'll teach you all about it.
I would get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Read that book and say, "What is all that gibberish?
I don't understand all that.
" Get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin and read that book over and over and over again until it becomes real to you, and it will explain everything.
Why Tongues—it'll bless you.
It's probably a dollar read.
I think you could probably get it for a buck, maybe even find it for free online.
Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Read that book.
And so what do you do?
I want you to read your Bible every day.
It'll change you from the inside out.
Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever they have the doors open, when they have prayer group, whatever.
Come pray with us.
Be excited about your decision.
Tell everybody in your family, "I just gave my heart to Jesus Christ and he's made all things new.
" Be bold about who you are and what God has called you to do now.
He's made all things new.
He's washed it all in his precious blood.
He died for you.
And so, we're excited you're here.
Now, if you don't have a Bible and you would like a Bible, you can email us in the description down below.
We'll never bother you again.
We're not going to harass you.
I don't have a mailer.
I don't solicit.
I'm telling you, this is all just out of the Holy Ghost to tell you Jesus Christ loves you and he has a plan for your life.
But we want to give you a Bible for free.
My wife and I will send it to you through Amazon.
So, you can email us and tell us, "Hey, I got saved tonight.
I would like a Bible and we'll send you one.
" New King James or a King James version is usually what we will send you, and you can read it, come here, and be a part of our YouTube community.
Now, if you live in the area, find your local church.
I love Glorious Church Fellowship, places like that that will teach you the word of God.
You need to get into a good Bible-believing church.
Don't go to some church that is full of religion and doesn't teach you how to stand on the word.
You've got to find a place that will teach you how to live by faith.
We are entering into some very dark times, ladies and gentlemen.
And you don't want to be anemic.
You must be taught the word of God and how to live by faith and eat the meat of the word.
57 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family.
All 57 of you.
That's a lot of people, Braden.
Isn't that wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We're so excited for all 57.
Heaven is rejoicing and hell is saying we just lost a good sinner.
Isn't that awesome?
Wow, that's really cool.
57 starting out the year right.
We got to keep tally of all those because I love—last year we had thousands of people give their heart to Jesus Christ.
And we're so excited that all those—we haven't even got to count them all because there's so many in the comment section after the video is over off the live that say, "We got saved.
We got saved.
" And there's thousands.
That's no exaggeration.
Between the Bibles and everything, I'm telling you, thousands of people have given their heart to Jesus Christ through this channel.
And it's so exciting to be a part of it.
I can't wait to get up there and Jesus say, "Brandon, well done.
You did good.
" We tried.
Just like Kevin Coleman said, "Lord Jesus, I tried.
" We have tried.
We've pushed really hard.
We're so grateful for every single one of you that blessed me.
57 people.
So, even if it was just one, it was worth it tonight.
Isn't it wonderful?
Well, I don't even know where to go with that now.
But all 7,000 of you, I felt in my heart is kind of released.
I always try to keep it around two hours for you to be respectful of your time.
The Holy Spirit lifts and he knows.
I just follow him.
So, does anybody have any questions?
I can answer some real quick about all the things that we've seen lately.
Don't be rude, but I'll answer a couple if you have something.
Any questions?
They're asking about Ethiopia.
I saw Ethiopia and I still don't know what I saw about Ethiopia.
There's something about Ethiopia and I saw Ethiopia highlighted, but it was closer in the vision.
It looked like Ethiopia and Egypt was one.
And I was like, "Well, I don't understand that because they're far from each other.
" So, go figure.
I don't understand why I saw that.
I don't know what I'm seeing.
Volcano saw in Italy.
Yeah, I saw a massive volcano getting ready to erupt in Italy and it shakes the ground.
And I saw landslides uncovering these archaeological discoveries—old things.
What I was seeing in Italy was Greek—like Greek manuscripts, like Aristotle, like Cleopatra.
You know what I'm talking about?
Like the old school stuff.
I don't know how else to describe it—like people with the stuff on their heads, like the scholars, the fig leaves, those little vines like they were in the Roman times—old school stuff like Pompeii.
He even brought up Pompeii.
And then what was he saying?
And I saw there was something in the dirt like tiles that were red and different colors that were like a mosaic.
Thank you, Holy Ghost.
A mosaic.
A mosaic was uncovered, but it showed past history, old mosaics, things that were preserved.
You know, the Lord showed me, he said, "Brandon, when you look at how many people pray on this—5,800 people.
Look at when you join together and you agree by faith and you're God—you're his kids and you sit up in his lap and you say, 'Daddy,' he melts at it.
" Do you know if it would be just like your daughter or your son sit up in your lap?
Think 5,000 of us all come up there and say, "Dad, help us, Dad.
We're with you.
" I look at it so different.
It's not religious.
God's looking for a friend.
And if you just become real with him and you sit up there, all 5,000 of you all pulling on Dad's garment.
"Oh, daddy.
" He's up there going, "Okay.
" He's not mean.
God's not angry.
God's not up there going to smack you and turn you over his knee.
No, he's, "Come unto me.
I love you.
" But people have made God into some bully.
And God's not a bully.
God corrects out of love.
And you may go through things and you think, "Well, that's not love.
" Well, your definition of love and his definition of love—love is that he doesn't want you to go to hell.
What does it take to get your attention?
What does it take to yank that thing and say, "Get off of this road.
You're going the wrong way.
You're stubborn.
You're hard-hearted.
You've got a stiff neck.
" And that's the problem with a lot of people.
So, can we pray things away?
I believe it wholeheartedly.
If Abraham could do it and he could have stopped Sodom and Gomorrah from being judged—he was interceding.
If there be 50 righteous, how much more can we do that?
How much more the power of intercessory prayer?
That's why he said raise up a prayer group.
There's 5,800 people here right now.
How much power and authority?
We're like a powderkeg for the kingdom of God.
The devil's ticked off.
That's why he hates the prayer channel.
Why?
Because the effectual fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much.
What do people understand about that?
Why?
Because Daddy's a good daddy and he's a good God.
He loves us.
He is the great I AM THAT I AM.
But most people don't look at him that way.
They have a religious lens and they look through their religious ideas: hermeneutical, thermostat, theosophical bull poop that you've been eating on because some theologian gave it to you at seminary school.
And you're listening to it at cemetery school and you died spiritually there with all your hermeneutical, theosophical crap—the bull crap they feed you there—and you're eating on it and you're going, "Well, that tastes bad.
" Yeah, it tastes bad.
That's called bull crap and they're feeding it to you.
So don't eat it.
Stop listening to all their hermeneutical poo.
Come be like a child.
Read the Bible and be real with God.
Get books like The Man Who Talked With the Flowers, George Washington Carver, and be simple-minded.
Stop being so much with these big heads.
Be like Jesus.
Be like a child.
People try to be too religious.
We're trying.
Diana is trying to send out the Bibles faster.
I'm sorry; we'll get them out to you.
She said, "I'm determined to have all this caught up this week.
" That's what she said.
So, you ought to have everything done with the Bibles.
She wants to be done.
We've got assignments from the Holy Ghost to do things, and we are determined to get on track with our time with all the clerical stuff because I want to go higher this year in 2026.
So, it's kind of boring.
I don't want to waste y'all's time with this.
You know, you could be here asking little stuff here and there, but other than that, I pray the video blessed y'all.
Don't be religious.
Have a relationship with Jesus.
Sit at his feet and talk to him today.
Say, "Jesus, what's on your heart?
" Don't be hermeneutical.
Oh, how thou doeth, Lordeth?
Are you doing a goodth?
Be real.
"God, I've had a bad day today.
I need a friend.
" And then God will be your friend.
Stop being religious.
No hermeneutical stuff.
Just Jesus, I need you.
And God will bless you with that.
Okay?
Love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Have a blessed night.
Bye.